Added commands for fetching incidents by the incident types and fetch… (#169)
armorblox/content: Packs/Armorblox/Integrations/Armorblox/README.md

Armorblox is an API-based platform that stops targeted email attacks,
  protects sensitive data, and automates incident response.

> This integration was integrated and tested with version xx of Armorblox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration was integrated and tested with version 6.1.0 of Armorblox
```
